# GSC Wallet Service Agreement #

The GSC Wallet Service Agreement (hereinafter referred to as "this agreement") is signed by GSC International Foundation Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "GSC" or "we") and the user (hereinafter referred to as "you" or "user"). This agreement has the legal effect of the contract between you and GSC.

GSC hereby reminds you that before using GSC Wallet (hereinafter referred to as "GSC Wallet" or "this software"), please read the GSC Wallet Service Agreement carefully and the relevant agreements mentioned later, especially the provisions of this agreement such as "Exemption and Limitation of Liability" will be in a bold form to ensure that you fully understand the terms and conditions of the agreement and take risks into consideration.

## I. Confirmation and acceptance of this agreement ##

If you download the GSC Wallet software and create or import the Wallet, you will be deemed to have fully read and agreed all the terms and conditions of this agreement, and this agreement will take effect immediately and be binding upon both parties.

This agreement might be updated at any time by GSC, and the revised agreement shall become effective immediately after it is announced on GSC Wallet, without further notice by GSC. Your continued use of GSC Wallet will be considered an acceptance of the revised agreement. If you do not accept the revised terms, please stop using GSC Wallet immediately.

## II. Definitions ##

1.GSC Wallet: A blockchain wallet developed by GSC based on GSC single-chain system, including other additional tools developed to facilitate users to use the blockchain system.

2.Users: 

(1) The user must be a natural person with full capacity for civil conduct;

(2) If you use GSC Wallet and you are a minor under the age of 18, you need to use GSC Wallet under the guidance of your parents or guardian. GSC Wallet has the right to require you and your parents or guardians to be responsible for all consequences arising from the use of GSC Wallet by persons with no capacity for civil conduct or by a person with limited capacity to conduct transactions beyond the scope of their civil rights or capacity.


3.Creating or importing a Wallet: the process by which you use GSC Wallet to confirm compliance with this agreement and create or import a Wallet.

4.Wallet password: refers to the password that you need to fill in by the software operation interface during the process of creating a GSC Wallet, which is used to encrypt a protected private key. As a decentralized application, the wallet password is not stored on your mobile device or GSC server. Once lost, you need to reset the new password with the plaintext private key or reminder.

5.Information tip: the information content tip that is involved in the operation interface of GSC Wallet software. It suggests users to follow the relevant steps.

6.Specific users: refers to the user who must cooperate with GSC to fulfill their personal information disclosure obligations in accordance with Chinese laws, regulations and policies.

7.Private key: composed of 64 random characters. It is the core of user's possession and use of digital token.

8.Public key: Generated by one-way derivation of a private key with the aid of cryptography and used to generate block-chain digital wallet addresses, which are known as public collection address.

9.Reminders: in line with the industry standard of blockchain BIP39, which is composed of 12 (or 15/18/21/24) ordered words generated by a random algorithm. It is a way of easy record of private key, convenient for users to backup and keep.

10.Keystore: a file form in which the private key or reminder words is encrypted with the user's wallet password, stored only on your mobile device and not synced to the GSC server.

11.Digital Token: the type of digital Token currently supported by GSC Wallet, including but not limited to GSC, gsc-based Token, etc.


## III.  Service content ##

1.Create or import a wallet. For digital tokens supported by GSC Wallet, you can use GSC Wallet to generate new wallets or compatible wallets generated by other Wallet tools imported into the related blockchain system.

2.Transfer and receive money. You can use the money transfer and collection function of GSC Wallet to manage digital tokens that uses the private key to make electronic signatures and modify the relevant blockchain accounts. Transfer money refers to that the payer uses the recipient's blockchain address to transfer the money, and the actual transfer and collection behaviors all occur in the relevant blockchain system (instead of GSC Wallet).

3.Issue/participate in digital assets. You can use GSC Wallet to issue or participate in digital tokens supported by GSC.

4.The vote. The user can freeze the GSC in the account to vote for the node.

5.Transaction records. We will copy all or part of your transaction records through the blockchain system. But transaction records are based on blockchain system records.

6.Service suspension. You are aware of the "irrevocable" property of transactions based on the blockchain system. We cannot suspend or revoke transfer transactions for you.

7.Other services that GSC deems necessary.

Users should be aware of the following frequently asked questions when accepting the above services provided by GSC:

1.In accordance with the decentralization of blockchain and in order to protect the security of users' digital tokens, GSC provides decentralized services, which is greatly different from banking financial institutions. Users shall understand that GSC does not provide the following services:

(1) Store the user's wallet password (i.e. the password set by the user when creating/importing the wallet), private key, reminder words and Keystore;

(2) Retrieve the user's wallet password, private key, reminder words and Keystore;

(3) Frozen a wallet;

(4) Report the loss of a wallet;

(5) Restore a wallet;

(6) Transaction rollback.


2.As GSC does not provide the above services, users should keep their mobile devices with GSC Wallet, backup GSC Wallet, backup Wallet password, reminder words, private key and Keystore. If the user loses the mobile device, deletes and does not backup the GSC Wallet, deletes and does not back up the Wallet, the Wallet is stolen or forgotten the Wallet password, private key, reminder words and Keystore, GSC cannot restore the Wallet or recover the Wallet password, private key, reminder words and Keystore. GSC is not able to cancel a transaction if the user misconducts the transaction (such as sending the wrong transfer address).


3.The digital token management services available at GSC and GSC Wallet do not include all existing digital tokens. Do not operate any digital token that GSC Wallet does not support.

4.GSC Wallet is only a digital token management tool for users, not an exchange or trading platform. Although this agreement will refer to "trading" several times, its behavior refers to the transfer and collection operations conducted by users using GSC Wallet, which is fundamentally different from "trading" conducted on an exchange or trading platform.

## IV. Your rights and obligations ##

### (1) Create or import a wallet ###

1.Create or import a Wallet: you have the right to create and/or import a Wallet via GSC Wallet on your mobile device, set the Wallet password and other information of the Wallet, and use your Wallet to make transactions such as transfer and collection on the blockchain through the GSC Wallet app.

2.Identity authentication: according to relevant laws, regulations and policies, when using the services provided by GSC Wallet, a specific user shall timely complete the relevant authentication according to the requirements of GSC Wallet. You are required to submit personal information including but not limited to your name, id number, mobile number, bank card number and so on. Otherwise, this particular user will not be able to use the service, and you will be responsible for the loss caused by the delay of this particular user.

3.GSC may develop different software versions for different terminal devices, and you should select the appropriate version to download for installation according to actual needs. If you obtain the software or the installer with the same name of the software from an unauthorized third party, GSC will not guarantee the normal use of the software or its security, and you shall bear the losses caused thereby.

4.After the new version of the software is released, the old version of the software may not be available. GSC does not guarantee the security, availability, or customer service of the older software. Please check and download the latest version at any time.

### (2) Use ###

1.Users shall properly keep mobile devices, wallet passwords, private keys, reminder words, Keystore and other information. GSC is not responsible for keeping the above information for the user. All risks, responsibilities, losses and expenses arising from the loss of your mobile device, active or passive disclosure, forgotten wallet password, private key, reminder words, Keystore or attack or fraud by others shall be assumed by you.

2.Follow information tips. You understand and agree to follow the information provided by GSC Wallet and operate according to the information provided by GSC Wallet. Otherwise, you shall assume all risks, liabilities, losses and expenses incurred.

3.Complete authentication energetically. When GSC Wallet reasonable think there are anomalies in your trading, or there is a problem with you identity information, or GSC Wallet should check your id card or other necessary documents, please actively cooperate with GSC Wallet to check your valid id card or other necessary documents, timely complete the relevant authentication.

4.Transfer

(1) You are aware that the daily limit and number of transactions you can use for the GSC Wallet service may vary depending on the country/region you are in, regulatory requirements, purpose of the transfer, GSC Wallet risk control, authentication, etc.

(2) Understand the "irreversible" feature based on blockchain operation. When you use the GSC Wallet transfer function, you should bear the consequences caused by your operation error (including but not limited to the problem of your wrong transfer address and your own choice of transfer node server).

(3) You are aware that when using GSC Wallet service, the following situations may lead to "transaction failure”:

A) Insufficient wallet balance;

B) Block chain fails to execute the contract code;

C) Exceeding the amount of payment required by the regulatory authority, GSC Wallet or laws 
and regulations;

D) Technical failures such as network and equipment;

E) Transaction is discarded due to blockchain network congestion, failure and other 
reasons;

F) Your address or the address of the counterparty of the transaction is recognized as a 
unusual address, such as high-risk address, exchange address, ICO address, Token address, 
etc.

G) Damage to the private key of your wallet means that all digital tokens on all addresses contained in the wallet are completely lost and cannot be recovered.

(4) You are aware that GSC Wallet only provides you with the transfer tool. After you use GSC Wallet to complete the transfer, GSC shall fulfill all obligations for the service. GSC shall not bear any obligations for other disputes.

5.Legitimate agreement. You are aware that when trading at GSC Wallet, you should follow relevant laws, regulations and national policies.

6.Service fees and tax obligations:

(1) When you use GSC Wallet to issue digital assets, you need to deduct the corresponding amount of GSC and handling fee;

(2) You will be responsible for all taxes payable and other charges arising from your transaction at GSC Wallet.


## V. Risks warning ##

1.You shall be informed and understand that, as the laws, regulations and policies in the field of digital tokens are not yet rigorous; the digital tokens in this field may generate significant risks such as unable to cash out or technical instability. And the price of digital tokens fluctuates much more than other financial assets. We prudently remind that you should rationally choose to hold or dispose of any digital token according to your financial situation and risk preference.

2.When using GSC Wallet service, GSC Wallet does not guarantee that the transaction will be completed smoothly and GSC Wallet will not be liable for damages if you or your counterpart fails to comply with this agreement or the instructions and rules in the related website, transactions, payment page. If the some the events mentioned above occurs, and the payment has been recorded to your or your counterparty's GSC Wallet or third-party Wallet, you understand the "irreversible" feature of the blockchain operation and the "irrevocable" feature of the relevant transaction, and you and your counterpart shall bear the corresponding risk consequences.

3.When you use GSC Wallet to trade with a third party, for your benefit, GSC recommends that you carefully read this agreement and GSC Wallet tips to learn about the trading target and product information and carefully evaluate the risks before taking action. All your transactions with third parties are your personal conduct, and binding contractual relationships are established between you and your counterpart, not with GSC Wallet. GSC Wallet is not responsible for any risk, liability, loss or expense arising from your transaction.

4.During the transaction, you shall make your own judgment on whether the other party is a person with full civil capacity and decide whether to trade with or transfer to the other party, etc., and you shall bear all risks related thereto.

5.During the transfer process, if there is any abnormal information like "transaction failure" or "packing timeout", you should confirm again through the official channel of the relevant blockchain system or other blockchain query tools to avoid repeating the transfer. Otherwise, you shall assume all the losses and expenses arising therefrom.

6.You understand that after you create or import a Wallet on GSC Wallet, your Keystore, private key, reminder word and other information is stored only on the mobile device you are using at the time of the import action, not on the server of GSC Wallet or GSC. You can follow the instructions provided by GSC Wallet to replace your mobile device with a synchronous Wallet. However, if you do not save or back up the wallet password, private key, mnemonic word, Keystore and other information and your mobile device is lost, your digital token will be lost, GSC cannot be recovered for you, you shall bear the corresponding loss. If you leak information when exporting, saving or backing up the wallet password, private key, reminder word, Keystore, etc., or if the device or server that saves or backs up the above information is attacked or controlled by hackers, your digital token will be lost, and GSC cannot recover it for you, you shall bear the corresponding loss.

7.We recommend that you make a security backup of your wallet password and Keystore information when creating or importing a wallet. Please note that please do not use the following backup methods: screenshots, email, notepad, SMS, WeChat, QQ and other electronic backup methods. We recommend that you copy information such as the Keystore on a paper notepad and that you also store your electronic data in a password administrator.

8.We recommend that you use GSC Wallet in a secure network environment to ensure that your mobile device is not jail broken or root to avoid possible security risks.

9.Please beware of fraud by non-GSC Wallet officials while using our service. We encourage you to inform us as soon as you find such behaviors.


## VI. Service modification, interruption and dissolution ## 

1.You agree that GSC may temporarily provide some service functions or suspend some service functions or open new service functions in the future to guarantee autonomous business operation When any function is reduced or added or changed, if you still use the services provided by GSC, will be noted that you still agree to the terms of this agreement or this agreement as amended.

2.You understand that GSC will suspend service if:

(1) There is any interruption of business due to technical reasons such as equipment, block chain system maintenance, upgrade, fault and communication interruption;

(2) The GSC system is unable to provide services due to force majeure factors such as typhoon, earthquake, tsunami, flood, power failure, war or terrorist attack, virus, Trojan virus, hacker attack, system instability or government action, or the GSC reasonably believes that it will be at great risk to continue to provide services;

(3) Other circumstances beyond GSC's control or reasonable foresight occur.

3.GSC may unilaterally suspend or terminate part or all of the functions of GSC Wallet if you:

(1) The user is missing or dead, and the user is declared missing or dead by the court;

(2) Stealing other people's wallet information or mobile devices;

(3) Provide false information or unrecognizable information when filling in personal information;

(4) Reject the mandatory update operation initiated by GSC to enhance the function of GSC Wallet;

(5) Use GSC Wallet for illegal or criminal activities;

(6) Obstructing the normal use of other users;

(7) Pretending to be GSC staff, authorized staff or management personnel;

(8) To attack, invade, alter or otherwise threaten the normal operation of the GSC computer system;

(9) Use GSC Wallet to promote spam advertising;

(10) Spreading rumors to damage the goodwill of GSC and GSC Wallet;

(11) Violations of this agreement, and situations where GSC reasonably believes that the functions should be suspended.

4.You are still entitled to export your wallet and other information within a reasonable time when the service relationship between you and GSC changes, interrupts, and terminates.

## VII. Your promise to use GSC service legally ##

1.You shall comply with the laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China and the laws and regulations of the country or region in which you live. You shall not use GSC Wallet for any illegal purpose or use GSC services in any illegal manner. 

2.You may not use the GSC Wallet to engage illegal or criminal acts, including but not limited to:

(1) Against the basic principles defined by the constitution, endangering state security, leaking state secrets, subversion of state power, undermine national unity, damage to the nation's honor and interests, incite ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination and undermining national unity, destroy the country's religious policy, promote cults and feudal superstition, spreading rumors, disturbing social order, undermine social stability, spreading obscenity, pornography, violence, murder, terrorism or abetting crimes, insult or defamation others, infringes upon the lawful rights and interests of others;

(2) Engage in any illegal and criminal acts, including but not limited to money laundering and illegal fund raising;

(3) Intervene or attempt to interfere with any user or any other means of accessing GSC services by using any automatic program, software, engine, web bugs, web analytics tools, data mining tools or similar tools;

(4) Provide gambling information or soliciting others to gamble in any way;

(5) Hack others' GSC Wallet to steal digital tokens; 

(6) Engage in transactions that are not consistent with what the other party claims to be doing, or that is not true; 

(7) Engage in any act of infringement or possible violation of the GSC Wallet service system or data; 

(8) Other acts which are prohibited by law, administrative regulations, and which the GSC may reasonably consider to be inappropriate.

3.You understand and agree that, as a result of your violation of the relevant laws (including but not limited to customs and taxation regulations) or the provisions of this agreement, the GSC suffer any loss, claim by any third party or any administrative departments of punishment, you should make compensation for the GSC, including reasonable attorneys' fees. 

4.You promise to pay the service fee (if there is any) of GSC, otherwise the GSC reserves the right to suspend or discontinue providing services for you. 

5.You are not allowed to use or be suspected of using GSC Wallet for money laundering or other illegal activities (including all illegal activities in and out of the country), otherwise you will bear all the consequences. Your behavior has no relation with GSC Wallet. GSC Wallet has the right to monitor your transaction at any time at any request of a government agency for money laundering or illegal financing.

## VIII. Privacy clause  ##

1.GSC attaches great importance to the protection of user privacy. Please refer to the updated GSC Wallet Privacy Policy released by GSC.

## IX.  Exemption clauses and limitation of liability  ##

1.GSC shall be liable only for the obligations set forth in this agreement.

2.You understand and agree that, to the extent permitted by law, GSC can provide services only on the basis of existing technical level and conditions. GSC Wallet is unable to provide services if any of the following reasons occur, and GSC assumes no liability: 

(1) GSC Wallet system shut down for maintenance or upgrade;

(2) Due to force majeure causes such as typhoon, earthquake, flood, lightning or terrorist attacks; 

(3) Failure of your mobile device's hardware and software, communication line and power supply line; 

(4) Using GSC services in an improper manner or without GSC authorization or approval; 

(5) Causes such as virus, Trojans, malicious program attacks, network blocking, system instability, system or equipment failure, communication failure, power failure, bank failure or government action;

(6) The service of GSC is restricted due to the formulation of laws and regulations or the change of national policies; 

(7) Any other cause that is not attributable to GSC

3.The GSC is not liable for the following circumstances: 

(1) Loss of digital tokens due to loss of mobile devices, deletion and non-backup of GSC Wallet, deletion and non-backup of Wallet, theft or forgetting the Wallet password, private key, reminder word, Keystore;

(2) Loss of digital tokens resulting from users' self-disclosure of Wallet passwords, private keys, reminders, Keystore, borrowing, transferring or authorizing others to use their own mobile devices or GSC Wallet, or download failure of GSC Wallet applications or other unsafe ways of using GSC Wallet applications;

(3) The loss of digital tokens due to user faulty operation (including but not limited to the problem of your wrong transfer address and your own choice of transfer node server);

(4) The loss of digital tokens due to the faulty operation of users who do not understand the nature of blockchain technology;

(5) Due to time delay and unstable blockchain system, GSC copies users' transaction records on the blockchain;

(6) Risks and consequences arising from users' operations on third-party DApp.

4.You understand GSC Wallet is just your digital token management tool. GSC cannot control the quality, safety or legality of the products and services provided by third parties, the authenticity or accuracy of the information, and the ability of the other party to perform its obligations under the agreement signed with you. All transactions you make with third parties are your personal conduct, binding contractual relationships are established between you and your counterpart, and are not related to GSC Wallet. GSC reminds you to determine the authenticity, legality and validity of third-party related information through your careful judgment. You shall also assume any risks with any third party. 

5.GSC may serve both you and your counterparty at the same time, and you agree to expressly abandon any actual or potential conflict of interest that may exist at GSC, and shall not use this to assert that GSC is legally deficient in the provision of services, nor shall it increase GSC's liability or duty of care.

6.GSC doesn’t provide the following forms of guarantee: 

(1) The GSC services will meet all your needs; 

(2) Any technology, products, services, and information you obtain through GSC services will meet your expectations;

(3) GSC guarantees the accuracy, completeness and reliability of third-party digital token information

(4) The parties on the GSC Wallet will timely fulfill its obligations in a trade agreement with you. 

7.In any case, GSC shall not exceed 1) 0.1 ether coins; or 2) RMB 500, whichever is higher of the total liability for breach of contract in this agreement.

8.You understand that GSC Wallet is only used as a tool for users to manage digital tokens and display transaction information. GSC does not provide services such as legal, tax or investment advice. You should seek advice from legal, tax and investment professionals, and GSC will not be responsible for any investment loss, data loss, etc. you may incur while using our services.

9.You understand that according to the requirements of China's policies and regulations, we may change our user access standards from time to time to limit the scope and method of providing services to a specific group.

## X. Entire agreement ##

1.This Agreement includes GSC Wallet Service Agreement, the GSC Wallet Privacy Policy and the rules promulgated by the GSC from time to time.

2.If certain provisions of this contract are determined by the competent authority to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such provisions shall be null and void and shall be deemed not to be included in this contract, but the remaining provisions of this contract shall continue to be fully and effectively executed.

3.Any translated version of this agreement is provided for the convenience of the user only and is not intended to modify the terms of this agreement. If there is any conflict between the Chinese version and the non-chinese version, the Chinese version shall prevail.

## XI. The protection of intellectual property rights  ##

1.GSC Wallet is an application developed and owned by GSC. The intellectual property of any content displayed by GSC Wallet (including this agreement, notice, article, video, audio, picture, file, information, material, trademark or logo) is owned by GSC or a third party owner. Users can only use the GSC Wallet application and its contents for the purpose of holding and managing digital tokens. Without the prior written consent of GSC or third party right holder, no person shall use, modify, reverse compile, copy, publicly disseminate, change, distribute, distribute or publicly publish the above application and content without authorization.

## XII. Law application and dispute resolution  ##

1.The validity, interpretation, modification, execution and dispute resolution of this agreement and its revised version shall be administered by the laws of the People's Republic of China. International business practices and/or industry practices shall be governed by the absence of relevant legal provisions.

2.Any dispute or dispute between you and GSC shall first be settled through friendly negotiation. If no agreement can be reached through negotiation, either party may submit it to Beijing arbitration commission for arbitration.

## XIII. Others ##

1.If you are not a user of the People's Republic of China, you need to fully understand and comply with all relevant laws, regulations and rules of your jurisdiction and use of GSC services. 

2.If you encounter any problems while using the GSC service, you can contact us by submitting feedback at GSC Wallet.

3.You can check out this agreement at GSC Wallet. GSC encourages you to check the GSC service agreement every time you visit GSC Wallet. 

4.This agreement is applicable since July 18, 2018. 

For matters not covered by this agreement, you shall comply with the notice and relevant rules updated by GSC from time to time.


# GSC Wallet privacy policy #

GSC Foundation Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "GSC" or "we") respects and protects the privacy of users (hereinafter referred to as "you" or "users"). When you use GSC Wallet, GSC will collect and use your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as "this policy").

GSC recommends that you carefully read and understand the contents of this policy before using this product (" GSC Wallet "). This policy is consistent with the GSC Wallet service agreement.

This policy can be updated by GSC online at any time. Once the updated policy is published, it will replace the original policy. If you do not accept the revised terms, please stop using GSC Wallet immediately. The revised policy takes effect automatically as soon as it is announced at GSC Wallet.

You are aware that this policy and other relevant provisions apply to GSC Wallet.

## I. What information do we collect from you ##

For your knowledge, the following information is collected for your purpose of serving at GSC Wallet, and we attach great importance to the protection of your privacy. When we collect your information, we will strictly abide by the principles of "lawful, just and necessary". And you know that your service experience at GSC Wallet may be affected if you do not provide the information required by our service.

1.We will collect your mobile device information, operation record, transaction record, wallet address and other personal information.

2.What you know: your Wallet password, private key, reminder word, Keystore on GSC Wallet do not store or synchronize to GSC server. GSC does not provide a service for retrieving your wallet password, private key, reminder word, and Keystore.

3.In addition to the above, you are aware that when you use the GSC Wallet specific function, we will ask you to collect more personal information before we collect your personal information. If you choose not to agree, you are deemed to have given up using GSC Wallet for this particular feature.

4.To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, GSC may collect and use your personal information without your consent:

(1) Those related to national security and national defense security;

(2) Related to public safety, public health and major public interests;

(3) Related to criminal investigations, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;

(4) The personal information collected is self-disclosed to the public; 

(5) Collect your personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;

(6) Necessary to maintain the security and compliance of services, such as detecting and handling failures of products and services;

(7) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations or required by competent authorities.

5.The way we collect information is as follows:

(1) You provide us with information. For example, you provide email addresses when you respond to questions, or you provide additional information to us when using our specific services；

(2) We obtain information during your use of GSC Wallet, including your mobile device information and your operation record of GSC Wallet, etc.;

(3) We copy all or part of your transaction records through the blockchain system. But transaction records are based on blockchain system records.

## II. How do we use your information ##

1.We confirm your correspondence with your wallet by the unique serial number of your mobile device.

2.We will send you important notifications such as software updates, service agreements and changes to this policy.

3.We provide you with the password login option in the system setup at GSC Wallet to make it easier and more secure to manage your digital tokens.

4.We process your feedback to us by collecting your publicly available wallet address and mobile device information.

5.We collect your personal information for GSC internal audit, data analysis and research, so as to constantly improve our service level.

6.In accordance with the GSC Wallet service agreement and other relevant provisions of the GSC, the GSC will manage and process users' use of information.

7.Provisions of laws and regulations and requirements for cooperation with regulatory authorities.

## III. How do you control your information ##

You have the following autonomous control of your personal information in GSC Wallet:

1.You can import your other wallets into GSC Wallet by syncing your Wallet, or your Wallet at GSC Wallet into other digital token management wallets. GSC Wallet will show you the information to import the Wallet.

2.You know that you can manage your digital token type, transfer and collection activities through the "assets" section.

3.You are free to do the following operations, as you know in the "Me" section of GSC Wallet:

(1) In "System Settings", you can choose not to open the "password login" option, that is, you can choose not to use the Touch ID verification service provided by Apple;

(2) In the "Personal Center", you do not need to provide your name, mobile phone number, bank card and other information, but when you use a specific service; you need to provide the information above;

(3) In the "Submit Feedback", you can always give us your GSC Wallet questions and suggestions for improvement. We will be happy to receive your feedback and actively improve our service.

4.You know that when we collect information from you for a specific purpose, we will inform you in advance and you have the right to refuse. But at the same time, you know that if you choose to refuse to provide the information, you will give up the service of GSC Wallet.

5.You know that both parties have no control over whether your transaction records are public or not, because based on the open source property of the blockchain transaction system, your transaction records are open and transparent in the whole blockchain system.

6.You know that our GSC Wallet Service Agreement and GSC Wallet Privacy Policy will no longer apply when you jump to the third party DApp using the GSC Wallet feature. We recommend that you read and understand the privacy of the third party DApp before using it for your control over your personal information and to understand its privacy rules and the related user services agreement, etc.

7.You have the right to request us to update, change and delete your relevant information.

## IV. We may share or transfer your information ##

1.The personal information collected and generated by GSC in The People's Republic of China will be stored on servers in The People's Republic of China. If the GSC does need to transfer your personal information overseas, it will obtain your authorization beforehand, and carry out cross-border data transmission according to the relevant laws, regulations and policies, and fulfill the confidentiality obligation of your personal information.

2.GSC will not share or transfer your personal information to any third party without your prior consent, unless:

(1) Obtain your express consent or authorization in advance;

(2) The personal information collected is open to the public by yourself;

(3) The personal information collected is collected from the information disclosed legally, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;

(4) To share with the associated party of GSC, we will only share the necessary user information, and will be bound by the purposes stated in this privacy clause;


(5) To be provided in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, requirements of legal procedures, and requirements of administrative or judicial authorities;

(6) In the case of mergers and acquisitions involving the transfer of personal information, GSC will require the recipient of personal information to continue to be bound by this policy.

## V. How do we protect your information ##

1.If GSC ceases operation, GSC will stop the activity of collecting your personal information in time, put the notice of the termination on GSC Wallet, and delete or anonymize the personal information held by you within a reasonable period.

2.In order to protect your personal information, GSC will adopt data security technical measures to improve internal compliance level, increase internal employee information security training, and set up security access rights for relevant data to protect your privacy information.

3.We will send you information about information security at GSC Wallet "Notification Center" and update the information about Wallet use and information protection at GSC Wallet from time to time for your reference.

## VI. Protection of minors ##

We have the following special agreements on the protection of minors under the age of 18:

1.Minors shall use GSC related services under the guidance of their parents or guardians.

2.We recommend that parents and guardians of minors should instruct minors to use GSC Wallet on the basis of reading this policy, the GSC Wallet service agreement and our other relevant rules.

3.GSC Wallet will protect the confidentiality and security of personal information of minors according to relevant national laws and regulations.

## VII. Disclaimer ##
1.Please note that the privacy policy issued by the third-party DApp will apply after you access the third-party DApp through GSC Wallet. The collection and use of your personal information by the third party DApp is not controlled by GSC and is not subject to this policy. GSC cannot guarantee that third-party DApp will take personal information protection measures as required by GSC.

2.You should carefully select and use third-party DApp and properly protect your personal information. GSC shall not be responsible for the privacy protection of other third-party DApp.

3.GSC will take reasonable security measures to protect your personal information as far as possible under the existing technology level to avoid information leakage, tampering or damage. GSC systems transmit data wirelessly, so GSC cannot ensure the privacy and security of transmitting data over a wireless network.

## VIII. Others ##

1.If you are a user outside the People's Republic of China, you need to fully understand and comply with all relevant laws, regulations and rules of your jurisdiction and use of GSC services.

2.If you encounter any questions about personal information usage during your use of GSC services, you can contact us by submitting feedback at GSC Wallet.

3.Check out this policy and other GSC service rules at GSC Wallet. We encourage you to check GSC's service agreement and privacy policy every time you visit GSC Wallet.

4.Any translated version of this policy is provided for the convenience of users only, and there is no intention to modify the terms of this policy. If there is a conflict between the Chinese version and the non-chinese version of this policy, the Chinese version shall prevail.

5.This policy shall apply from July 18, 2018.


For matters not covered by this policy, you shall comply with the notice and relevant rules updated by GSC from time to time.

GSC International Foundation Ltd.



































